Speed up node boot times by parallelizing buffer acquisition (#19025)
druid-io/druid: docs/configuration/index.md

|`druid.processing.fifo`|Enables the processing queue to treat tasks of equal priority in a FIFO manner.|`true`|
|`druid.processing.tmpDir`|Path where temporary files created while processing a query should be stored. If specified, this configuration takes priority over the default `java.io.tmpdir` path.|path represented by `java.io.tmpdir`|
|`druid.processing.intermediaryData.storage.type`|Storage type for intermediary segments of data shuffle between native parallel index tasks. <br />Set to `local` to store segment files in the local storage of the Middle Manager or Indexer. <br />Set to `deepstore` to use configured deep storage for better fault tolerance during rolling updates. When the storage type is `deepstore`, Druid stores the data in the `shuffle-data` directory under the configured deep storage path. Druid does not support automated cleanup for the `shuffle-data` directory. You can set up cloud storage lifecycle rules for automated cleanup of data at the `shuffle-data` prefix location.|`local`|

> |`druid.processing.parallelPoolInit`|(EXPERIMENTAL) Allows all merge/processing pools to be allocated in parallel on process launch. This significantly speeds up node launch times.|`false`|

Reviewer: (Maybe also include an estimate of what qualifies as a "big" number of "large" buffers so that operators know when to turn this on)
```suggestion
|`druid.processing.parallelPoolInit`|(EXPERIMENTAL) Allows all merge/processing pools to be allocated in parallel on process launch. This may significantly speed up node launch times if allocating several large buffers.|`false`|
```

|`druid.processing.numTimeoutThreads`|The number of processing threads to have available for handling per-segment query timeouts. Setting this value to `0` removes the ability to service per-segment timeouts, irrespective of `perSegmentTimeout` query context parameter. As these threads are just servicing timers, it's recommended to set this value to some small percent (e.g. 5%) of the total query processing cores available to the historical.|0|
|`druid.processing.fifo`|If the processing queue should treat tasks of equal priority in a FIFO manner|`true`|
|`druid.processing.tmpDir`|Path where temporary files created while processing a query should be stored. If specified, this configuration takes priority over the default `java.io.tmpdir` path.|path represented by `java.io.tmpdir`|

> |`druid.processing.parallelPoolInit`|(EXPERIMENTAL) Allows all merge/processing pools to be allocated in parallel on process launch. This significantly speeds up node launch times.|`false`|

Reviewer 2: not: s/node/server/g ? (or broker/historical/peon servers)

Reviewer: +1, since the property is listed under the respective types, we might as well say "speeds up Broker launch times" and "speeds up Historical launch times".
